last time on Sonic X Chris learned that
his world and Sonic's were once one but
since the planet started to reconvene
time itself is screeching to halt the
only way to unstop the clock is to cause
chaos control and sends that I can his
friends back to their suspecting a trick
Creek confronted dr. Eggman and was
shocked to discover that the time freeze
Fiasco was real now tails and sugar
working overtime to build a machine that
and send our heroes home mini conquer
the secrets of cast control before time
runs out
we now go live to the office of the
president my fellow citizens I have sad
news to bring you this for many months
ago a connection was established between
Sonic's world and our own now
regrettably that connection must be
severed
morning Chris good morning Sonic how's
it going night okay we can go for a run
later if you want to sure unfortunately
this is the last day we will spend with
Sonic and his friends tonight they must
return to their own work personally I
don't humane such a problem if time
suddenly comes to a stop if I don't get
older I won't get any wrinkles but Amy
don't you think you get bored you are
forced to let the same day over and over
again forever ever see you later enjoy
your day please hi any time ah no good I
wonder what we're doing wrong and not
behalf of all our citizens I extend our
best wishes just letting and his friends
as you make their journey back to your
home world please know that this world
will never forget your acts of courage
and heroism what a blowhard that
mealy-mouthed goodness wonder shoulda
done somethin I get rid of those
freeloaders a long time ago why build an
expensive machine to get rid of a win a
couple of willing littles could do the
trick that's her here commander we think
Eggman is up to something what's he
doing he's working on something
suspicious what should we do
don't let Eggman out of your
watch him like a hawk I want to know his
every move and report to me directly is
that clear yes sir eclairs obviously
planning to make one last sneak attack
before he takes a hike he thinks he can
catch it with a guard down we had a
chance to get rid of Eggman was for the
present with wallet he was too scared
civilians like it hurt
well I'm gonna finish off that pretty
fanatic once and for all and no
lily-livered politicians gonna stop it I
wish that I can the others didn't have
to go back on TV they said times gonna
stop if they don't go home I know it's
important at all but it's gonna be
lonesome I don't want things to go back
to the way they were before sonic Kane
hmm from the first time we met it seems
like Sonic and I won't meant to be
friends right how to start we always
looked out for each other now what if
fun it gets in trouble under love never
help him
open fire
I wonder why our radar systems didn't
detect athlete unfortunately we unplug
the radar we want to come on TV his base
needs more electrical outlets oh I want
to know who ordered this attack
president's office is secure colonel
they know something why did we get
through to the president's office has
something happened to him
they're not fighting fair Eggman they
got you totally outnumbered they may
have me completely surrounded with
thousands of robotic attack craft but I
possess the one weapon that can easily
defeat them all which is my super
superior grade
it doesn't take a real big brain to see
you in trouble you should leave dr.
Eggman never admits defeat especially
when he loses
ah people probably take me in the
compressors for saying this but I think
you should listen to sonic this
situation is harmless even an egomaniac
needs to be realistic sometimes no wait
I'm gonna stay right here and hold my
ground until there's no ground back to
hold i'll stop those robots for you but
first you have to leave I get it I'm
giving you one last chance amen dr.
Eggman yes please
this is on board sign don't we're here
do you read me over this is too thin
Buffy incredible sonic is left your add
meds of our sanity now these helmets
ahead males rescue I knew that Hedgehog
was a traitor Sonic is Nikki freedom
movements corrupting the whole culture
and turning everybody into peaceniks a
dangerous test invest your home is only
one sure way to get rid of them in that
mr. menaida
you're taking this breaking and entering
business way to literally how you get
here oh come in what's happening in
there relax towpath I ran into knuckles
I'll let them tag along if he promises
to be a good boy bro